{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	These log files are Apache log files. Apache log files are files in which the operating system records events that happen while the operating system or other software is running. Access logs are recorded information from visitors to a website. For example you can see what files a visitor has viewed, and certain web browsers visitors are using. Error logs are recorded information from visitors who encountered an error while viewing the web page. For example if a user requests a file and that file is unavailable it will record it to the log file. Error log files also control warnings for content that isn\'92t available to a user. The dates represented by the logs are November 10, 2013 to December 10, 2013. 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The most common error in the error logs are file does not exist. There are a few more common errors in the logs files for example \'93script not found\'94 or \'93unable to stat\'94, request failed error reading the headers. A typical error looks like this:\'a0
\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93[Sun Nov 24 12:05:08 2013] [error] [client 154.44.190.122] File does not exist: /var/www/html/admin\'94. Yes on the error log file: \'93error_log-20131124\'94 toward the bottom of the file it gets to a different format then all the other error logs. This section is the memory map of the error log file. Other then that nothing looks out of the ordinary.
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
}